#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
astroid==2.5.0
    # via pylint
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-oscar
    #   django-phonenumber-field
boto3==1.10.34
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.13.34
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2019.11.28
    # via requests
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
click==7.0
    # via pip-tools
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==2.2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-extra-views
    #   django-haystack
    #   django-localflavor
    #   django-oscar
    #   django-oscar-paypal
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-storages
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-treebeard
django-appconf==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-compressor
django-compressor==2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extra-views==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-oscar
django-haystack==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-oscar
django-localflavor==2.2
    # via django-oscar-paypal
django-nose==1.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-oscar==2.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-oscar-paypal==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-phonenumber-field==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-oscar
django-storages==1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tables2==1.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-oscar
django-treebeard==4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-oscar
django-widget-tweaks==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-oscar
docutils==0.15.2
    # via botocore
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-oscar
faker==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   factory-boy
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.8
    # via requests
isort==5.7.0
    # via pylint
jmespath==0.9.4
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
lazy-object-proxy==1.5.2
    # via astroid
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via pylint
mock==3.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
nose==1.3.7
    # via django-nose
pbr==5.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
phonenumbers==8.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-oscar
    #   django-phonenumber-field
phonenumberslite==8.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-oscar
pip-tools==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
purl==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-oscar
pycountry==19.8.18
    # via -r requirements.in
pylint==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-django==2.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pylint-plugin-utils==0.6
    # via pylint-django
python-dateutil==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   faker
python-stdnum==1.12
    # via django-localflavor
pytz==2019.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babel
    #   django
rcssmin==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-compressor
requests==2.22.0
    # via django-oscar-paypal
rjsmin==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-compressor
s3transfer==0.2.1
    # via boto3
six==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-extra-views
    #   faker
    #   mock
    #   purl
    #   python-dateutil
sorl-thumbnail==12.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlparse==0.3.0
    # via django
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via pylint
unidecode==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.25.7
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
whitenoise==4.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via astroid

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
